[Music]
hundreds of civilians from different
countries have left Israel since the war
in Gaza broke out these are thigh
workers an estimated 30,000 work in
Israel and after 28 th Nationals were
killed in attacks last week many do not
want to go
back I talked with my family I won't
return to work there I'll settle down at
home a lot of things are still bad many
nepes have also fled most are
agriculture students they witnessed
their friends being killed and wounded
we waited where there was no bunker
there were 34 more who were brought to
the same place a little later all of us
sharing a room with a very limited
amount of
food Indian Nationals also returned on a
chanted flight after a third of
country's 18,000 people in Israel
registered to fly back
home my family was scared they wanted me
to return as soon as possible I was
fortunate to return in the first
flight Peru Air Force also airlifted
dozens of Nationals from Israel some are
scared for their
lives we are happy because we have taken
our compatriots out of the danger zone
they are
here hundreds of Americans have also
returned home on chared flights but the
governor of Florida doesn't want the US
to take any Palestinian refugees he says
quote they're all anti-semitic and he
dismissed calls for Israel to provide
clean running water and essential goods
and services to the 2.3 million
civilians stranded in Gaza there are
times when when leadership is called for
when there's a devoid of leadership you
got to step up and answer the call and
that's what we did here and I know those
people appreciate it I know the many
hundreds more that are going to come
appreciate it
too but as civilians are leaving
thousands of Israeli Soldiers with dual
nationality are
returning Israel has called up 360,000
reservists as its waren Gaza
intensifies all the soldiers are short
of mattresses we bring everything they
need we are organizing to bring
everything where did you came from from
Miami Florida and why did you came to
Israel to killas and to bring everyone
home and they are arriving from many
countries it's very sad at what happened
we are don't believe about the the
things that Hamas did we are going to
fight them
back as the Israeli government says it
will annihilate what it calls terrorists
on one of the world's most densely
populated areas more Israelis are
flocking to join the fight from all over
the
world jaid
bazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer